Good people, we have a poll for
know what music you would like
to know more details of doubts and
calves get shot by us
Let's look at more other groups
muscles to do to try to help
a little each of you
in the case of the calf simplify
I usually do three times a week
every other day, not alternating with
abdominals precisely which are two
musicians of very dense fibers and then
they depend more on handle than go
be animated
they respond better with more
ease for the vast majority
if you train more often in the week but
it also has a lot a difference
great among some trainings of an athlete
professional to another
the james de mello made 6 60 the
futuristic from the eighties and three times
per week and 6 61 absurd of pain and
devastated by the musician the dollar and the yen in
Compensation makes two series per
machine two machines the maximum always there
It's intense between you and me.
jrt and it goes to exhaustion with few
repetitions had weight sometimes makes a
drop 7 something of the genre
and he does it only once a week and
then means are two differences
very large in two athletes while
exceptional islands
just like I did integer also makes two
times per week and three sets of 8 in the
maximum 10 repetitions so times are
different things than athletes
experienced by studying and
were applying what else worked for
as they work like the
experiment for them and for
You, too, for me, I prefer three
times a week than the calf
improves not only the volume but also the
her muscle definition is
that
in this first movement of elevation
plantar flexion plant is rising
machine heels
we usually put strength in the part
of the feet and this is wrong
in the applied mechanical part explains that
You have to squeeze the bone of the big toe.
knees have to stay in rounds to
within a medial rotation of the knee
practically extended knees and the
heel rising to the point of making
pressure upon the big toe bone the bone
of the big toe controls the movement of
gastronomes mainly gastone
that he does not work alone without
the side but the greater emphasis of this
movement has to be put to the
within and not for outside
you may notice that the heels
are high but all the weight of the
movement over the big toe bone
in this second movement the elevation of the
heels is with knees reflected
the greater emphasis the movement will put the
eyes and you and not the
gastronomic that all the movements
with knees extended works
music as a primary musician now
on the knee flexed with these solid feet
from you real
eyes only this part of the
lateral gourmets on these friezes
sides
this movement also has to be done
to exhaustion always remembering that the
are musicians who have both
fiber as white fiber does not
has a difference from one to the other but
are muscles of dense fibers of
existence then needs to be worked out
plus this third exercise
called a little donkey or the little horse or
want
this time to organize in the 70's
bru at night but denies that he liked
doing this is very
interesting for having the body
the center of gravity of your body
diverted forward making a
water movement and a person ascending
in its lombarda overload on top of the
onemi gas does not earn two spaces of
angulation that is different from the machine
reflection and asks for a new extended
and the weight exerted
on the toes of the bone in the big toe
internal bone and always up to the
exhaustion
in this fourth movement done in the leg
45 degrees of inclination is
basically equal to all movements
with extended knees using force
in the medial part of the
and tightening it with the knees
practically fully extended this
movement has nothing specific is just
pro med neither medial will
working eyes and had ice and
usually want to re-emphasize some
athletes use twitter three times for
week as I like to do union
Iran needs more handle than the others.
musicians as well as abdomen because
we are of dense fibers and very
resistant gift ie the cd still
enough catch in it
to the above-mentioned development.
renders complete by definition
in the calf even though you
did not wait for the end her much staying
defined because showing the work
muscular will give a visual aspect
very cool
three times a week is a
maximum application for me